= Traces for Android (tm) =

Supports direct output from atrace or HTML output from systrace.py

''Android is a trademark of Google LLC''

== Installing Required Plugins in Trace Compass==
In order to import traces generated on Android systems, you need to install two features from the Trace Compass Incubator: Trace Compass ftrace (Incubation) and Eclipse Trace Compass for Android Traces features.

It’s preferable to use a development snapshot of Trace Compass, as the Incubator feature may require the latest master to work correctly. These snapshots can be found here: http://download.eclipse.org/tracecompass/master/rcp/

Once you have Trace Compass Installed, click Help -> Install new software…

A new window will appear and you can then click ‘Add’ next to the software site text box. 

The URL for the incubator update site is http://download.eclipse.org/tracecompass.incubator/master/repository/.

Select this update site and you’ll see the list of features. You can select the Trace Compass ftrace (Incubation) and Eclipse Trace Compass for Android Traces features and then install them.

You can now import traces generated on the Android Platform.

== Generating a trace ==
There are two ways to generate a trace either using Systrace.py or atrace directly

=== systrace.py ===
Follow procedures found here: https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/systrace.html  and then import resulting HTML file in Trace Compass

=== atrace ===
Open shell on phone using adb. When running an atrace tracing make sure to use option -o in order to write the output to a file. Once tracing is done just import the output file in Trace Compass.
ex:
# adb shell atrace -o gfx